README.md, before:

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

If you are unfamiliar with special characters, take a look at [some examples](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters).

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![password generator demo](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
# pw-generator

Commit message:

Updated the readme file with a short description and user story.

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

In this project, I create a random password generator using input from the end user on character count, and character set (lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and/or symbols). It is largely Javascript focused, and utilizes a series of functions to collect user criteria, output the password, and copy to the clipboard. I also used some Javascript to change the main heading upon password creation.


## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Project Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```
